people skip breakfast don't do it back
where you're right nutrition chef Alex
via roni that's right right back to
school we need a really healthy
breakfast right now but were you talking
about healthy breakfast why are you
making pancakes they're not healthy I
think you know I'm a father 7 and so I
really know how how important is to have
not just a quick breakfast but a healthy
ones so that energy lasts all day so
you're telling me i can have healthy
pancakes healthy pancakes I like it so
what you're doing here this morning is
you're showing us how to it smells good
by the way I think you're showing us how
to prepare protein pancakes yes is it
usually with with with pancakes they're
usually all carbs and I'll fatten
approach yeah okay so it's not a meal
really and that's why I end up getting
hungry about an hour or two later
absolutely these pancakes we use an
undie nature cold search of waiting
sorry wait wait slow down using I'm
denatured whey protein so it means it's
got a high amount of amino acids so it
means a digester laziness right dose
tree and then we use agave nectar to
sweetness and the sugar is gonna be a
good carbohydrate and that's actually
we're doing over here with the
watermelon the cherries and we'll get to
that later let's do these pancakes
person they smell good sea salt so which
is heart friendly as usually always uses
he thought maybe right here see so and
you have a little cinnamon fresh
cinnamon okay and then this is the whey
protein this is the whey protein this is
this is the old flour oat flour on the
whey proteins already mixed in okay so
so so walk me through this and you're
telling me I can take my whatever my
favorite pancake mix is but every know
you wanted me I have the recipe to me
posted on the website okay on FOX five
San Diego's calm so it's not just your
regular you don't start with your
typical box of pancake maker no
basically it's a the base of flour will
use oat flour instead of regular flour
so it's wheat free and then you use
apple juice instead of milk which
moistens that without using fat okay and
then you have the wave regime and gives
a protein powder mm-hmm and then you do
basically sea salt to give it a little
bit of flavor and then are you making a
gobby nectar / lemon juice cinnamon
blank 2 / syrup it's a regular pancake
syrup okay so this is what I put on a
stir it up no you mentioned this to the
soul here I'm very surprised because why
don't you put salt in a pancake well so
all if it's just enough gives it a
little bit of that nice aftertaste but
at the same time I do the fruit because
this one is this way see the color it is
yeah it's got a lot of electrolytes in
it oh very good really important no
bitch swag morning you know you're a
nutritional nutrition chef here you know
where to find this stuff can I go to the
grocery store and just find these
ingredients
yeah especially nowadays yeah even even
of vons or even albertsons they have
that whole natural sections now okay
it's really easy to find Cecil as well
as Henry's in and I start out with
what's the main ingredients not flower
it's not what is the main ingredients is
probably the application of whey protein
the whey protein and this again is the
whey protein right now mixed with the
flour so you just kind of mix that up
with with flour yeah what do you mix all
your dry ingredients together and all
your wedding and add the two all right
okay so um I tell you what I'll flip
these for you i watch this for you while
you go over here and tell us what you
got on that side of it whatever yeah
this is basically emphasizing on the
glycemic index what i'm doing here is we
got two types of fruits they appear to
be the same in the sense of that this is
fruit differences is that between
cherries and watermelon watermelon has a
lot more sugar and less fructose really
two types of sugars and carbohydrates
and fruit right and if fructose is a
natural sugar from the fruit which is
which is easier on the human body which
doesn't require insulin to be digest and
then you got cherries which are more
fructose and less glucose okay so let's
stop the pause and digest that
information you just told us that the
cherries are better because it has the
natural sugar which is fruit oh and then
the watermelon even though I love it
it's a little more hard to digest
because there's more actual sugar or
glucose actually those you eat like say
a piece of this watermelon it's almost
the same as just taking this here and
putting it straight in your mouth oh
don't tell me that that's the same
chemical reaction that happens so that's
why people that have diabetes would want
to avoid watermelon you would be more
geared towards cherries you have no idea
because I'm hypoglycemic and you're
telling me that I'm not to eat the
watermelon chef Alex I thought you were
my friend but honestly guys this is
really good to get these pancakes they
do smell while I didn't take them taste
it but really good information thank you
people were trying to stay healthy and
and here's a way to do it FOX five San
Diego calm for the recipe thank you so
much sir no thank you all right Raul
where did chuckle it gyp pancakes fall
in that category